General remark: the paper seems at times meant for people from our group fairly familiar with all techniques used here. 

Intro: The flow of thoughts is not always easy to follow and many concepts (e.g. compliant control, variable stiffness modulation) and not explicitly named as such nor ever explicitly introduced. In a few places, sentences are incomplete or grammatically incorrect.
> Ok. I rewrote the introduction for improved consistency. Thank you for feedback on the new version.

II.a Description of previous method should be self-contained. Help reader get a sense of what the construct of Eq. 1 and 2 offers geometrically. Restriction on obstacle's type  is not made explicit and only appears in passing at the end. Not all readers may be familiar with notion of star-shaped obstacle. Reference to term "eigenvalues" in Eq. 3 may confuse a reader not used to your work, as there is no explicit reference to an eigendecomposition (or eigencomposition).  

II.b Eq. 6 Add request D(x) positive definite
> Ok.

II.c Consistency of notation. Use of index o is used on and off across sections, and is later replaced by the term Obst.
> I checked again, superscript ^{obs} should only be used to refer to all obstacles, and subscript _{o} refers to the enumeration when iterating over multiple obstacles.

 Lemma: remove all reference to a publication (31) in Lemma statement. Replace by reference to earlier equation describing control of motion.
 > Ok, it's removed and referred to the specific equation.

Eq. 18, second line, - f(\xhi) is missing in the development
> Indeed, thank you for pointing out.

Eq. 21 This is a sufficient but not necessary condition.
> I don't understand the comment. Indeed it's not necessary, but since it does not constrain the system it is fine.

Theorem III.1 Proof is imprecise (sketch). Formalize.
> I added more formulas, and moved commentary to after the proof.

Lemma IV.I Statement is too imprecise. Not clear what formal guarantees is offered when stating "the controller is able to reject a velocity". I take it that you mean to say that it can damp the component of this velocity along the obstacle so as to still guarantee no penetration.
> I explicitly added collision avoidance guarantee.

proof  Is D(x)=D cst? + Eq. 29 (scalar / matrix) assume diagonal matrix M and D (unless I missed it), not explicitly stated before. 
> I just omitted the dependency on state for brevity (comment added). I corrected the equations to make them for general dimensionality.
No additional assumption for D or M is used.
